Reciprocal Net Project
README


The software contained in the directories beneath this file was created by the 
Reciprocal Net Project, except as noted otherwise.  Reciprocal Net software is
copyright (C) 2002-2008, The Trustees of Indiana University.


LICENSE
=======
Reciprocal Net software is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Reciprocal Net software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
Reciprocal Net software.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

An exception to the above is the "3rdparty" directory.  The modules contained
within the "3rdparty" directory are created by others and are redistributed by
the Reciprocal Net Project in accordance with their respective licenses.  Refer
to the 3rdparty/README file for specific attributions.

In addition to the license described above, the Trustees of Indiana University
may distribute Reciprocal Net software under other terms.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
================
The Reciprocal Net Project gratefully acknowleges the contributions of the
following software developers to the source code contained herein.  All of them
are or were affiliated with Indiana University.

	John Bollinger, Ph.D.
	Ji-Young Chong
	Amey Dharurkar
	Michael Durbin
	Ding "Dee" Feng
	John Hanna
	Eguono "Iggy" Isiorho
	Anumit Jooloor
	Eric Koperda
	Ryan Lauer
	Yi "Richard" Li
	Hsiu-chuan "Jane" Lin
	Lei Qian
	Nihar Sanghvi
	Nihar Sheth
	Poornima Venkatakrishnan
	Christopher "Kit" Westneat

Partial support for the Reciprocal Net project in the years 2001 through 2005
was received from the U.S. National Science Foundation via grant DUE-0121699.

Partial support for the Reciprocal Net project in the years 2007 through 2008
was received from the U.S. National Science Foundation via grant IIS-0513768.

Continued support for the Reciprocal Net project in the years 2001 through 2008
was received from various units within Indiana University.


BUGS AND IMPROVEMENTS
=====================
If you should find any bugs in the Reciprocal Net software or should develop
any improvements thereto, the Reciprocal Net Project would appreciate hearing
from you.  Contributions to the software are welcome.  Send e-mail to
<help@reciprocalnet.org>.


CONTACT
=======
The Reciprocal Net project is based at Indiana University in Bloomington,
Indiana, USA.  

Direct electronic correspondence to <info@reciprocalnet.org>.  

Direct written correspondence to:
	Reciprocal Net Project
	Molecular Structure Center
	Department of Chemistry
        Indiana University
	800 East Kirkwood Avenue
	Bloomington, Indiana 47408
	United States of America
